docs: add section on `sprocket dev doc` config (#44)
stjude-rust-labs/sprocket.bio: subcommands/doc.md

rule](https://docs.rs/wdl/latest/wdl/lint/index.html#lint-rules), you should
document each output under an `outputs` key in the `meta` section and not
include outputs anywhere in the `parameter_meta`.

## Configuration

`sprocket dev doc` can be configured via the CLI or, as of Sprocket `v0.23.0`, via

> the [sprocket.toml](/configuration/overview.md) config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sprocket dev doc` can be configured via the CLI or, as of Sprocket `v0.23.0`, via
the [`sprocket.toml`](/configuration/overview.md) config file.
```

### Index page

* CLI: `--index-page <MARKDOWN FILE>`
* Config: `doc.index_page = "<MARKDOWN FILE>"`

> We encourage you to customize the experience of your user documentation by
> writing a custom Markdown document which can be embedded at the root of your
> generated documentation.
> 
> A Markdown file can be embedded in the homepage during documentation generation.
> Every page contains links back to the homepage. If no homepage is provided, your
> users will be faced with an empty screen stating "There's nothing to see on this page".

Reviewer: The word "homepage" is now overloaded — it's both the embedded index-page Markdown and the external `--homepage-url` below. Disambiguating the prose here:

```suggestion
We encourage you to customize the experience of your user documentation by
writing a custom Markdown document which can be embedded at the root of your
generated documentation.

A Markdown file can be embedded as the index page during documentation
generation. Every page contains links back to the index page. If no index page
is provided, your users will be faced with an empty screen stating "There's
nothing to see on this page".
```

### External links

* CLI:
  * `--homepage-url <URL>`
  * `--github-url <URL>`
* Config:
  * `doc.homepage_url = "<URL>"`
  * `doc.github_url = <URL>`

A limited set of external links can be added to the documentation site. These will be
globally accessible via buttons in the top right of the header.

#### Homepage

A `--homepage-url` should only be set if the project has a dedicated homepage, outside
the to-be-generated documentation.

#### Github

> A `--github-url` can be provided to link to the GitHub repository of the project.

Reviewer: Folding the one-sentence `#### Homepage` / `#### Github` subsections into the parent prose, fixing the unquoted `doc.github_url` string, and correcting the `GitHub` capitalization:

```suggestion
### External links

* CLI:
  * `--homepage-url <URL>`
  * `--github-url <URL>`
* Config:
  * `doc.homepage_url = "<URL>"`
  * `doc.github_url = "<URL>"`

A limited set of external links can be added to the documentation site. These
will be globally accessible via buttons in the top right of the header.

`--homepage-url` should only be set if the project has a dedicated homepage
outside the to-be-generated documentation. `--github-url` links to the GitHub
repository of the project.
```

### Theming

#### Custom logos

* CLI:
  * `--logo <LOGO FILE>`
  * `--alt-light-logo <LOGO FILE>`
* Config:
  * `doc.logo = "<LOGO FILE>"`
  * `doc.alt_light_logo = "<LOGO FILE>"`

If you wish to provide a custom logo, you can do so with the `--logo` argument.
`--alt-light-logo` can be used to provide an alternative logo for light mode.

#### Light/dark mode

* CLI:
  * `--light-mode`
* Config:
  * `doc.light_mode = <true | false>`

The `--light-mode` flag can be used to make the documentation light mode by default.
Note that regardless of this setting, the user will always have a light/dark theme toggle
available.

#### Custom HTML

> 
> * CLI:
>   * `--html-head <HTML FILE>`
>   * `--html-body-open <HTML FILE>`
>   * `--html-body-close <HTML FILE>`
> * Config:
>   * `doc.extra_html.html_head = "<HTML FILE>"`
>   * `doc.extra_html.html_body_open = "<HTML FILE>"`
>   * `doc.extra_html.html_body_close = "<HTML FILE>"`
> 
> These options can be used to inject custom HTML into *every* page.
> 
> Custom HTML files can be injected in multiple locations:
> * `html-head` - Injects HTML before the closing `</head>` tag
> * `html-body-open` - Injects HTML immediately after the opening `<body>` tag
> * `html-body-close` - Injects HTML immediately before the closing `</body>` tag
> 
> Each option can only be used once, but multiple options can be used together to inject HTML
> in different locations.

Reviewer: Each HTML file is listed twice here — once as CLI/Config mapping and once as "locations". Merging into a single annotated list:

```suggestion
#### Custom HTML

* CLI:
  * `--html-head <HTML FILE>` — injects HTML before the closing `</head>` tag
  * `--html-body-open <HTML FILE>` — injects HTML immediately after the opening `<body>` tag
  * `--html-body-close <HTML FILE>` — injects HTML immediately before the closing `</body>` tag
* Config:
  * `doc.extra_html.html_head = "<HTML FILE>"`
  * `doc.extra_html.html_body_open = "<HTML FILE>"`
  * `doc.extra_html.html_body_close = "<HTML FILE>"`

These options can be used to inject custom HTML into *every* page. Each option
can only be used once, but multiple options can be used together to inject HTML
in different locations.
```

Author: IMO it reads easier as a separate list

#### Custom themes

While it is technically possible to supply your own custom CSS styling, this
capability is currently undocumented. We recommend sticking with the default
styling at this point in time, but do let us know what kinds of customization
you would like to see in future releases!

### Experimental features

> #### Documentation Comment Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Documentation comment support
```

* CLI: `--with-doc-comments`
* Config: `doc.with_doc_comments = <true | false>`

> See [documentation comments](#documentation-comments).

Reviewer: Missing trailing newline on the file — could you add one?
